# Management-System-for-a-Quarantine-Centre
Patient Record Database Management System for a Quarantine Centre
Question) NIT Silchar management has handed over Hostel 1 and 2 to the district administration to be utilized as a quarantine center. Each of the quaran- tined buildings is multi-storied consisting of ground floor with 100 rooms, 1st floor with 100 rooms and 2nd floor with 50 rooms only. So, the total no. of rooms per quarantine centre is 250. The ground floor rooms will be allotted to senior citizens (above 60 yrs of age), 1st floor will be allotted to the persons in the age group of 40 yrs to 60 yrs and the 2nd floor will be allotted to persons below 40 yrs. Each quarantined person will be allotted a single room for his stay at the quarantine centre for the said period.
Subject to the availability of rooms in the quarantine centre, district administration allows a limited no. of passengers to the said facility. So, each day a limited no. of passengers are directed to the quarantine facility at NIT Silchar. The nodal officer who administers the quarantine centre has to keep track of the records of the quarantined persons like the name of the person, address, multi-valued mobile no, age, arrival date, coming from, going to, allotted Room no, discharged date etc. It is required by us to build a quarantine facility management system that provides an ecient way of storing and accessing the data recorded by the quarantine centre.

Although DBMS is not a new concept, it is a very important one, still possessing huge potentials to enhance and systematize big data in any form. To ease the burden on many complex tasks that we have today, DBMS still plays an important role in the management of big data required to solve such problem statements. Be it banking Systems, Quarantine system records, Traffic records, etc. DBMS has always helped serve its tedious purpose without humans having to ponder on these complexities.
With the current situation of the pandemic menacing the world, it is of utmost importance for associations to come up with efficient Quaran- tine System Management tools using Databases, now more than ever. Al- though many hospitals and Quarantine Centers have been using a database for ages, maintaining an efficient DBMS system is still a very important task for any organization. We would hence be implementing such a Pa- tient Record maintenance system for a Quarantine Facility, using a DBMS system that is very efficient in handling such large patient record datasets. This mini-project aims to hence build a system for maintaining patient records for a quarantine centre and ensure efficient storing and accessing of data. The project uses standard procedure for designing the database, that includes E-R modeling, conversion of E-R model to relational model, normalisation of relational tables and use of triggers and stored proce- dures to implement certain functionalities. It uses MySQL connected with Python to implement the project and will be applying normalisation (up- to 3NF) for the same. The IDE used for development is PyCharm(2020
edition).

